Telcodocs 338 Configuring hub cluster to scale up to 2000 cluster (#42424)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-scaling-hub-cluster-to-2000.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *scalability_and_performance/ztp-deploying-disconnected.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ztp-scaling-to-2000-cluster-deployments_{context}"]
= Scaling to 2000 cluster deployments

Scalability limitiations come from the ability of the ArgoCD application to manage the generated CRs and of ACM to managed the clusters.
In 4.10 improvements have been made to help address scalability concerns for example: 

* When you upgrade to 4.10, or if you are installing 4.10 ZTP solution for the first time, applying the “deployment” directory configures the ArgoCD application to scale.

> * The 4.10 reference PolicyGenTemplates combine multiple configuration CRs into relatively few policies. The reduced number of policies improves scaling of the hub cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The {product-title} {product-version} reference `PolicyGenTemplate` custom resources (CRs) combine multiple configuration CRs into relatively few policies. The reduced number of policies improves the scaling of the spoke cluster deployments.
```
